Hello dear friends with you de
Today I will show a new bug in gta online
maybe someone already knew about him but in
general then today we will try
penetrate the house of madrasa in general then this
the house is located on these coordinates
he often gives us a task in gta
online well what actually we need
do you motik protect the back
yard to this dude
principle can be without cartoons can be on
helicopter fly there in general
We look like on motie in general, that's it
here we drive up motik like
up thereby jumping on the roof is necessary
practice a little more
drive up to this corner and
quietly quietly as if with a jump
here is the main thing is not to move the umbrella
and not fly out at all from this balcony
well, the simplest we now have left
need to turn around neatly and
drive in this texture as we see it
transparent and that is, we can taste not
drive in principle the motorcycle is not here
so much needed can in principle and on
helicopter fly here well in principle
on a motorcycle plane seems to me
easier well here we have different
there are little tables in the kitchenette
there is only a staircase to the second floor but to
Unfortunately, we do not pass through it
we can rise from which such texture
some kind of room in which nothing
there is also no invisible wall behind
which we just can't get through but a
how to get out of here if so small
way just need to enter this wall
we will start to fall into the unknown at all
the mantra will eat no camera
it turns out very raise steel
see what is above well and we appear
somewhere there a few meters from the very
At home, and in principle, you can so sideways
call again or leave as
cult zadanitsa but the principle is such
small us tank guys if you
liked it put your fingers
up I'll find any more bugs and show
you or kim even show secret places
before the secret places will show you okay
on this all all have a nice day